I strongly strongly the my show on the
Internet as Charlie as Charlie culture
really Tom Papa birthday to me happy
birthday to me happy birthday dear
Charlie happy birthday to questions some
strings of doodles
dear Charlie do you drive a car or a
motorcycle I had my license revoked for
some BS legal reason so they keep
telling me I can't drive for a while
whatever I don't need a car would I have
my mum mum I need a ride to the bar I'm
busy
come on I need to get wasted with
strippers on the commercial break just
wait Jesus perfect 30 nice dear Charlie
have you ever been on chatroulette
unfortunately I have football that's how
I ended up here you are taller on long
that's why I met Dennis here you smell
better too
ok no freaking blind date sighs bloody
poof what a smooth athlete and
pepto-bismol look bad I get you're not a
chick now can you just unlock the door
so I could go home one of us swap hands
and watch the view all freaking day
Laguna ass Charlie are you a midget
not at all love in fact I'm pretty tall
for my age
midget stop it - this bitch it sent it
eventually midget
leave me alone you're my midget best
friend are gonna die here but until then
keep posting those questions down below
and make sure to check out that little
blue proof - Dennis by clicking the link
in the description below
he's a little new little fuckup it's
funny right on guys
that's a rad question about stuff you
nah